README.md, before:

# Welcome!
This repository contains a convenience shell script and go program to be used in conjunction with a Mitsumi
module, Broadcom 4330 WiFi+BLE chip, a Freescale i.MX280 ARM9, a Linux 3.16 Kernel, with the brcmfmac kernel
driver, and a custom user-space `wl` tool provided by Mitsumi.

## WiFi Test Mode
The shell script `wifi-testmode.sh` will configure and activate the 4330 chip for the recommended United
States regulatory test requirements. You will need the proprietary docs from your vendor but this script is
a "folklore circulated" set of commands for activating packet transmission or reception for regulatory
testing.

Only use these as a reference (I slogged through this), you should definitely be double checking anything
you have to do for FCC testing with your vendor.

I wanted to simplify the usage significantly and here is sample output of the help message:

```
» ./wifi-testmode.sh --help
BCM4330 intentional Wi-Fi transmission testing

NOTE: the manufacturer binary image must be downloaded onto the 4330
in order for any of these commands to work! The 4330 also does not
support MIMO mode so no MIMO commands are issued in this script.

Usage of ./wifi-testmode.sh
        -h --help
        --channel=1     (1..14)
        --duration=10   (0 is continuous, >=1 is duration in seconds)
        --mode=b        (b,g,n)
        --power=69      (quarter dB values)
        --state=tx      (tx,rx)
```

## BLE Test Mode
The Golang program also in this repository will configure and activate the 4330 chip to test reception and transmission for United States regulatory test requirements.

Only use these as a reference (I slogged through this), you should definitely be double checking anything
you have to do for FCC testing with your vendor.

```
» ./ble-testmode --help
Usage of ./ble-testmode:
  -channel=0: Transmission channel (1..79)
  -duration=10s: Transmission duration (0 is continuous, >=1 is duration in seconds)
  -length=0: Length of the test data
  -payload=0: Packet payload
  -state="tx": Are we transmitting or receiving? (tx | rx)
  -stop=false: If a test was started without a duration of zero, issue this command to halt it
```

## Broadcom 4330 Firmware note
The Broadcom 4330 is a dynamically programmed chip, you have to download firmware to it. None of the test commands in this repository will work if you are providing the production version of the 4330's binary image to the kernel driver. *You must have the manufacturer binary firmware image* to load onto the chip in order for any of the `wl` utility test-mode commands to work.

## Building `wl` for Linux ARM9
This required a combination of a custom package provided to us from our vendor and linking in the netlink 80211 library. You of course need an entire cross-compiler toolchain, you're on your own there.

Commit message:

More README information + temp GOPATH in makefile for easier use.

README.md, after:

# Welcome!
This repository contains a convenience shell script and go program to be used in conjunction with a Mitsumi
module, Broadcom 4330 WiFi+BLE chip, a Freescale i.MX280 ARM9, a Linux 3.16 Kernel, with the brcmfmac kernel
driver, and a custom user-space `wl` tool provided by Mitsumi.

## WiFi Test Mode
The shell script `wifi-testmode.sh` will configure and activate the 4330 chip for the recommended United
States regulatory test requirements. You will need the proprietary docs from your vendor but this script is
a "folklore circulated" set of commands for activating packet transmission or reception for regulatory
testing.

Only use these as a reference (I slogged through this), you should definitely be double checking anything
you have to do for FCC testing with your vendor.

I wanted to simplify the usage significantly and here is sample output of the help message:

```
» ./wifi-testmode.sh --help
BCM4330 intentional Wi-Fi transmission testing

NOTE: the manufacturer binary image must be downloaded onto the 4330
in order for any of these commands to work! The 4330 also does not
support MIMO mode so no MIMO commands are issued in this script.

Usage of ./wifi-testmode.sh
        -h --help
        --channel=1     (1..14)
        --duration=10   (0 is continuous, >=1 is duration in seconds)
        --mode=b        (b,g,n)
        --power=69      (quarter dB values)
        --state=tx      (tx,rx)
```

## BLE Test Mode
The Golang program also in this repository will configure and activate the 4330 chip to test reception and transmission for United States regulatory test requirements.

Only use these as a reference (I slogged through this), you should definitely be double checking anything
you have to do for FCC testing with your vendor.

```
» ./ble-testmode --help
Usage of ./ble-testmode:
  -channel=0: Transmission channel (1..79)
  -duration=10s: Transmission duration (0 is continuous, >=1 is duration in seconds)
  -length=0: Length of the test data
  -payload=0: Packet payload
  -state="tx": Are we transmitting or receiving? (tx | rx)
  -stop=false: If a test was started without a duration of zero, issue this command to halt it
```

To build the BLE Test Mode go program you will likely need whatever compiler toolchain is necessary for the
environment this program will run on. In our case it's an ARM9, I had to cross-compile the go compiler and
specify that when building, please refer to the `Makefile` for some hints.

## Broadcom 4330 Firmware note
The Broadcom 4330 is a dynamically programmed chip, you have to download firmware to it. None of the test commands in this repository will work if you are providing the production version of the 4330's binary image to the kernel driver. *You must have the manufacturer binary firmware image* to load onto the chip in order for any of the `wl` utility test-mode commands to work.

## Building `wl` for Linux ARM9
This required a combination of a custom package provided to us from our vendor and linking in the netlink 80211 library. You of course need an entire cross-compiler toolchain, you're on your own there.
